Hello everyone. Thank you for coming here today.  Today, we gather here to commemorate the life of a good friend of mine.  It means a lot to me to know my friend touched so many lives.  He was born in Brownsville Texas in the year 1999.  Growing up, he didn’t have that many friends to play with because his guardians didn’t like it when he ran around.  He got along with his very few friends because they all lived very close to one another.  However, his guardians allowed him to hang out with them because they lived so close together.  He became more friendly and happier around his friends, and from his learnings, he wanted to share it with everyone.  He wanted to touch the hearts of others around the world,  So when he turned 15, he thought it would be a great idea to travel the world and explore.  So with the permission of his guardians, don’t know how he got them to allow it, he set out to explore the world, that lead him to Cincinnati in 2014.
I don’t know what he liked about Cincinnati that made him stay for so long, to this day I don’t know what it was.  Was it the food, the people, the Cincinnati Bengals, I don’t know.  Maybe he wanted to share his happiness and kindness to the entirety of Cincinnati, and knowing Cincinnati they needed a lot of it.  He lived there for 2 years, made amazing friends, had a nice place to stay, everything was working out for him until that frightful day, like a storm cloud on a sunny day.
On May 28, a day after his birthday, he found a 3-year-old sitting on the ground.  Knowing Harambe, he wanted to protect the child.  He looked around for his parents, but he could find them.  To be honest, I thought Harambe was going to raise the child similar to Kala and Tarzan.  Harambe was going teach him about his love and care for others.  But his kindness wasn’t forgiven, and a mistake was made.  He was an outgoing, loving and caring gorilla that will be missed.  Harambe left us too early, his message will not be silenced today, it must carry on through us.  We will be the ones who carry out Harambe’s will, so I ask you today as we remember him not to preach hate for his demise, but to preach love the way he wanted.  We will miss harambe, he was the light in most people’s lives, including mine. But we will carry out his will and teaching, he will live on within us.

-Bradley Cazenas
